# WordlistPy

**WordlistPy** is a Python based Utility for creating wordlists containing common variations of a given word.

## Introduction

### Purpose

For instance, given the word "Test", one might want to generate common variations of it like "Test123", "123Test", "T3st", "TEST", [[...]](example.py)

This tool can automate the process by printing the different variations to the [Standard Output](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Standard_streams).

To create files from the output, one can simply [redirect the output](https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Redirections.html) (detailed instructions below)

### Possible Variatons

The different kind of available variations by patterns are:

- **[Numeric patterns](WordlistPy/nums_pattern.py)**,  e.g. appending/prepending numbers
- **[Substitution patterns](WordlistPy/substitution.py)**, e.g. replacing one character with another, like "e" -> "3"
- **[Other patterns](WordlistPy/pattern.py)**, e.g. changing the letter case, adding characters, etc.

For **[Substitution patterns](WordlistPy/substitution.py)** and **[Other patterns](WordlistPy/pattern.py)** there are dedicated "_data" files containing the exact data for the patterns and the expression different levels that can be configured: [Substitution patterns data](WordlistPy/substitutions_data.py), [Other patterns data](WordlistPy/patterns_data.py)

## Installation and Usage

1. Clone the git repository
    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/DarthRevan333/WordlistPy
    ```

2. Use the cloned project

    - Run it directly
        ```shell
        python WordlistPy {Word}
        ```
    
    - Run it directly (saving output to a file)
        ```shell
        python WordlistPy Test > test.txt
        ```
    
    - See all options
        ```shell
        python WordlistPy

        > Usage: python WordlistPy word [substitution = 1] [patterns = 1] [nums_append = 3] [nums_prepend = 0]
        ```

    - Use the *[generate_variations](https://github.com/DarthRevan333/WordlistPy/blob/main/WordlistPy/variations.py#L6)* function in another Python script
        ```Python
        from WordlistPy import generate_variations

        if __name__ == "__main__":
            variations = generate_variations("Test")
            print("\n".join(variations))
        ```

### Options

The help page along with all options is listed if no arguments are passed. Hereby, signal [] optional arguments with default values.

All arguments ***must*** be passed in the order they are listed and ***cannot*** be passed as keyword arguments or in any other way (at least on the command line). 

- For *substitution* and *patterns*: See levels at the [Substitution patterns data file](WordlistPy/substitutions_data.py) and [Patterns data file](WordlistPy/patterns_data.py)
- *nums_append* signals the maximum number of numbers to additionally append to each variation
- *nums_prepend* signals the maximum number of numbers to additionally prepend to each variation 

Note that each selected option also affects all variations generated by each other options. Therefore, the number of total variations grows extremely rapidly and even a simple command as this one (3 of 4 options are default values) produces already ***65,113,488  variations!***[^1]
```shell
python WordlistPy Test 1 1 3 2
```

[^1]: Increasing the last option from 2 to 3, causes my computer to run out of memory (32GB) before it can save it to disk. In this matter (and probably some others too), this Utility is far from perfect. 

It, therefore, is recommended to be careful with these options, as they can also very quickly cause one's computer to run out of available memory, due to the sheer number of combinations.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
